hi this is Pam dinner here I have a
quick announcement to share with you I'm
doing a webinar from 11:00 to 12:00
Pacific Standard Time on January 23rd
and the topic is about five essential
ways that you can do to better support
your sales team so if part of your job
is supporting sales as a marketer or you
are thinking about a creative and new
ways to better collaborate and enable
your sales team this webinar is for you
and a couple things I will talk about
how to better collaborate between sales
and marketing why should you do in terms
of account based marketing and also I
will share templates and know-how in
terms of what some of the tips and
tricks that you can use to better
support your sales team if any of these
topics are an interest to you please
come to my webinar 11 to 12 o'clock
January 23rd how to register well that's
easy go to p.m. dinner calm click on
blog and you should be able to see the
p.m. dinner webinar open ID and register
very easy if you have any questions send
an email to me hello at Pam dinner comm
by the way I'm also giving away five
books all right my book effective sales
enablement so if you are interested
attend my webinar and to be a lucky
winner I hope to see you there
thanks a lot